https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-13627 for 2.12 (#6834)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/install_upgrade/install_intro.adoc

The {mce-short} is a software operator that enhances cluster fleet management. The {mce-short} supports{ocp} and Kubernetes cluster lifecycle management across clouds and data centers. 

> The documentation references the earliest supported {ocp} versions, unless the component in the documentation is created and tested with only a specific version of {ocp-short}. For full support information, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/7073030[Support matrix] and the link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift[{ocp} Lifecycle policy].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation references the earliest supported {ocp-short} version, unless a specific component or function is introduced and tested only on a more recent version of {ocp-short}.

For full support information, see the link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/7073030[Support matrix]. For life cycle information, see link:https://access.redhat.com/support/policy/updates/openshift[{ocp} Life Cycle policy].
```
